shoes are really important for
skateboarding picking out the right ones
pretty crucial this is just an authentic
van this is a fans been around forever
this isn't the greatest of porphyrin
skating but it has a lot of board feel a
waffle sole it's pretty good for skating
this is a Mike Cale
look hi Sheila it's a upper-mid shoe so
it may be better for ankle protecting
and it's on a vulcanized sole this is a
leather material which is good for
skating it's a cost and select which is
also vulcanized this is the Manchester
select which is a suede material which
is what I prefer for skateboarding and
it's also vulcanized this is the America
a are slim and it's a 2 cup sole the
soles actually sew it onto the shoe
rather than vulcanized and this is
probably the most advanced shoe in
skateboarding
it's the Zoom tray there's a hard rubber
on the toe so which prevents ripping and
in the sole of the shoe there's active
titanium so if you land primo you won't
get bruised heels or bruised arch your
foot so this is pretty much as advanced
as it gets right now I'm an active
shooter I'm here to tell you about
differences in between the bulk and I
shoe and a cup sole shoe on a vulcanized
shoe it's a glute on sole as you can see
the difference between these two this
one has actual stitches and it's a
thicker rubber this one is a vulcanized
rubber so it's a lot softer and flexible
as compared to this cuff sole which is
and it has flex in the toe but not
really in the arch the difference
between the two is the vulcanized shoe
is gonna have a lot better board feel
and you're gonna have more it's gonna
feel a bit comfortable it's gonna wear
down quicker because it's such a thinner
sole along with a suede shoe suede
skates the best but it wears down the
quickest and in a cup sole shoe the the
rubber on this is a lot thicker than the
vulcanized shoe it's gonna last longer
but it's not gonna have the board feel
that welcomed that shoe will these are
not the greatest shoes for skateboarding
this thing not that great not the good
soil no grip this shoes no real shape
kind of bulky this shoe weighs like five
pounds not the greatest maybe for going
out but
not really for skating kind of the type
of guy you are but not for me